Matrix Room Manifestation (#571)
mozilla/extension-workshop: community.md

permalink: /community/
published: true
tags: [community, contribute, WebExtensions]

> contributors: [grlwholifts]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributors: [caitmuenster, grlwholifts]
```

### Questions about add-on development

You can get help and support by posting to [Mozilla's community forum](https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/add-ons), [Matrix Chat Rooms](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Matrix): [#add-ons](https://bit.ly/2PKCHuH), [#addons-reviewers](https://bit.ly/32Odp4i), [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/firefox-addon), or the [developer mailing list](https://mail.mozilla.org/listinfo/dev-addons).

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's delete this.

If you already use Matrix, then connect to *#addon-reviewers:mozilla.org*. If you have a Firefox account you can use [chat.mozilla.org/#/room/#addon-reviewers:mozilla.org](https://mzl.la/2x5jNs1) .

> 

Reviewer 2: Don't forget to update the "last updated" and "updated by" metadata on the page! 😉

![Screen Shot 2020-03-03 at 12 40 45 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23342476/75817621-4bde9f00-5d4c-11ea-8303-a5edf7af7f19.png)

### Questions about add-on development

> You can get help and support by posting to [Mozilla's community forum](https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/add-ons), [Matrix Chat Rooms](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Matrix): [#add-ons](https://bit.ly/2PKCHuH), [#addons-reviewers](https://bit.ly/32Odp4i), [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/firefox-addon), or the [developer mailing list](https://mail.mozilla.org/listinfo/dev-addons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get help and support by posting to [Mozilla's community forum](https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/add-ons), [Matrix Chat Rooms](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Matrix): [#add-ons](https://mzl.la/2u8ZGbg), [#addons-reviewers](https://bit.ly/32Odp4i), [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/firefox-addon), or the [developer mailing list](https://mail.mozilla.org/listinfo/dev-addons).
```

Reviewer 2: Let's break this up a little bit. It should read: 

You can get help and support by posting to [Mozilla's community forum](https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/add-ons), [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/firefox-addon), or the [developer mailing list](https://mail.mozilla.org/listinfo/dev-addons). You can also talk with us on [Matrix](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Matrix) in the [Add-ons room](https://mzl.la/2u8ZGbg) (for general development questions) or in the [add-on reviewers room](https://bit.ly/32Odp4i) (for questions about an add-on review).
